Fixed broken github link (fibonacci.wasm) (#173)
WasmEdge/docs: i18n/zh/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/embed/c/intro.md

## Quick Start Guide for the WasmEdge Runner

> The following is an example of running a WASM file. Assume that the WASM file [fibonacci.wasm](https://github.com/WasmEdge/WasmEdge/tree/master/examples/wasm) is copied into the current directory, and the C file `test_wasmedge.c` is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of running a WASM file. Assume that the WASM file [fibonacci.wasm](https://github.com/WasmEdge/WasmEdge/blob/master/examples/wasm/fibonacci.wat) is copied into the current directory, and the C file `test_wasmedge.c` is as follows:
```

@tusharad One small suggestion as above, otherwise the changes look good to me :)
